WIP: Added doc overview for devfiles (#25)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Devfile
:description: Software Defined Development Environments

> Devfiles are YAML files that describe and define an environment in Che, including the source code and development components, like IDE tools and application runtimes. Che uses these devfiles to make a cloud workspace composed of multiple containers.

Reviewer: Devfiles can be used outside of Che in other tools,such as in Odo, and eventually the OpenShift console, among other tools. 

Personally I prefer the generic "cloud native development environment" since it's not specific to any one tool or platform.

Author: Thanks, John!

Reviewer 2: +1 for using cloud native development environment and making the description generic and not restricting that to Che.

Reviewer 3: @jc-berger, hyphenate compound adjectives.
```suggestion
Devfiles are YAML files that describe and define cloud-native development environments, including source code and development components, like IDE tools and application runtimes. Various applications, including link:https://www.eclipse.org/che/[Eclipse Che], use devfiles to create cloud workspaces composed of multiple containers.
```

> Within your devfile workspace, you can create multiple projects. In the components of the project, like the editor, plugin, or environment, the devfile commands build, test, and run your application. Also, any number of workspaces can be created from the same devfile. This way, workspaces can be shared and worked on by different teams. So now you can easily transfer, collaborate and expand your work.

Reviewer 3: @jc-berger:

* Unless necessary, avoid using "you", "your", or other personal pronouns. There's no need for a devfile, projects, or workspaces to belong to the reader.
* Use "plug-in" (see _The IBM Style Guide_ pg. 353).
* Use the serial comma (see _The IBM Style Guide_ pg. 241).
* Avoid marketing speak, including "easily" or "now".
* Don't edit text just for the sake of editing it. In this case, the orig. first sentence was perfectly fine and better described the devfile concept.

== Devfile v2.0 Examples

See https://github.com/devfile/api/tree/master/samples/devfiles[Devfile Samples].

> == Additional Resources

Reviewer 3: Don't use title case in headings.
```suggestion
== Additional resources
```

> For a visual and audible demonstration of devfiles, see the YouTube video, https://youtu.be/vnsLwtRz--w[Customize your own online IDE with a devifle].

Reviewer 2: That video is based on devfile 1.0. Although some of the concepts that it shows still apply, the sample devfile that it uses don't match devfile 20 so I wonder if we should include that as part of this page. It may introduce confusion if the user tries to follow what shows on the video.
